#Privacy policy


The Privacy policy shall respect and protect the personal privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the App will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. However, the APP will treat such information with a high degree of diligence and prudential obligations. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the App will not disclose such information or provide it to any third party without your prior permission. This Privacy Policy will be updated from time to time. When you use the Application Service, you are deemed to have agreed to all contents of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy policy is an integral part of the Application Service Usage Agreement. 

1. Scope of application

a) When you use the App Service, you authorize relevant rights according to the requirements of the App; If you are not authorized, some functions cannot be used. 

2. Use of information

a) After obtaining your access rights, the App will use these rights to provide services. 

b) The App will not use unauthorized permissions. 

3. Information disclosure

a) The App will not disclose your information to untrusted third parties. 

b) to disclose to a third party or an administrative or judicial organ in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of an administrative or judicial organ; 

c) If you violate relevant Chinese laws and regulations or the Application Service Agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose to a third party; 

4. Information storage and exchange

a) Your data generated by the application will be saved in the sandbox of the application and stored locally, and will not be uploaded to any server. Please feel free to use it. 

5. Information security

a) The data of this application is stored in the sandbox of this application. Please keep your own devices properly. 

6. How to Update this Privacy Policy We may adjust or change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any update to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our website by indicating the date of update. Unless otherwise required by laws, regulations or regulatory rules, the content of adjustment or change will take effect 7 days after the notice or publication. If you continue to use any of our services or visit our websites after the adjustment or change of the Privacy Policy, we believe that you have fully read, understood and accepted the revised Privacy Policy and are bound by it.